License Statement:  GPL Version 3
---------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2020 University of Florida

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

For the details of the GNU General Public License, see the included
gpl.txt file, or go to http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

# Introduction

This example expands on the mmio_ccip example to demonstrates how to perform multi-cycle (MC)
reads that interface with resources other than registers.

- [Video: Explanation of multi-cycle MMIO reads](https://youtu.be/Xj1Clq4ac8E)
- [Slides](examples/mmio_mc_read/mmio_mc_read.pptx)

# [Simulation Instructions](https://github.com/ARC-Lab-UF/intel-training-modules/blob/master/RTL/#simulation-instructions)

**Example-Specific Simulation Instructions:** If you simulate the example code using the same instructions as usual, the Modelsim waveform will exclude all block RAM signals. Although seeing those signals is not critical for a functioning application, for debugging it is often critical. To include the monitor signals, this example includes a modified simualtion file [hw/vsim_run.tcl](./hw/vsim_run.tcl). When you follow the normal simulation instructions, this file is autogenerated in the specified directory when you run the afu_sim_setup secript. To use the modified script, run afu_sim_setup as usual,
and then copy [hw/vsim_run.tcl](./hw/vsim_run.tcl) over the vsim_run.tcl file in your simulation directory. You should then see all the block RAM signals.

In some cases, an alternative solution to this problem is to turn off optimizations in Modelsim, which generally causes missing signals to be added to the waveform. That approach is not recommended for long simulations because it can cause a substantial slow down in performance. The vsim_run.tcl file can instead be modified to add signals from any point in the design hierarchy, while preserving optimizations.

# [Synthesis Instructions](https://github.com/ARC-Lab-UF/intel-training-modules/tree/master/RTL#synthesis-instructions)
# [DevCloud Instructions](https://github.com/ARC-Lab-UF/intel-training-modules#devcloud-instructions)

 
